Song Yuchuan, you have no choice
Yaoyao
How can you think of me that way?
I only have you in my heart
The evidence is solid
What else do you have to say?
Because because Emperor Song Yong was wronged
Chen Chuan Producer
37-Year-old senior producer of Down's
One of the members of Song Dang
I don't know.
Producer Chen still has to worry about Miss Tang's personal affairs
You have helped me a lot.
Do you have anything to say?
Mr. Tang
I can't bear to see you misunderstand your stupidity
What are those fragments actually?
It's factual data.
Nonsense
Miss Tang, if you don't believe me
The entire cast can attest
Yangyang, you are recovering from a serious illness
It's going to be crazy.
I want to see you say it earlier
I have many more films like this
In the car, in bed
I have something else to do
And so forth.
Are you sure you want to solve it yourself?
It's too late to regret now
Song Yuchao
divorce agreement
You are the pillow that I miss
I took great pains to marry a daughter
Now promoted to chairperson of Tang's
How could I possibly
How can you bear
How can you be stupid enough to talk to your soul?
Yaoyao is alright
Yaoyao